Step 5, Act, turning insights into action.
Now that you have evaluated
the results from your analysis and
generated reports on the potential value
of the results, the next step is to
determine what action or actions should
be taken, based on the insights gained?
Remember why we started
bringing together the data and
analyzing it in the first place?
To find actionable insights
within all these data sets,
to answer questions, or for
improving business processes.
For example,
is there something in your process that
should change to remove bottle necks?
Is there data that should be added to your
application to make it more accurate?
Should you segment your population
into more well defined groups for
more effective targeted marketing?
This is the first step in
turning insights into action.
Now that you've determined
what action to take,
the next step is figuring out
how to implement the action.
What is necessary to add this action
into your process or application?
How should it be automated?
The stakeholders need to be identified and
become involved in this change.
Just as with any process improvement
changes, we need to monitor and
measure the impact of the action
on the process or application.
Assessing the impact
leads to an evaluation.
Evaluating results from the implemented
action will determine your next steps.
Is there additional analysis that need
to be performed in order to yield
even better results?
What data should be revisited?
Are there additional opportunities
that should be explored?
For example, let's not forget
what big data enables us to do.
Real-time actions based on high
velocity streaming information.
We need to define what part of our
business needs real-time action to be
able to influence the operations or
the interaction with the customer.
Once we define these real time actions,
we need to make sure that
there are automated systems, or
processes to perform such actions, and
provide failure recovery
in case of problems.
As a summary, big data and
data science are only useful if
the insights can be turned into action,
and if the actions are carefully
defined and evaluated.